we are going to integrate immediately what
that revealed a study about a plant
that helps to fight diabetes seems
a company always custom all
on Tuesdays and we're talking about one
I would think it strange , however, if
it really is the fundi what happens is
that there was a study at a university
again
where was a small study for
check if love really had the
effects what
for many years tell him he has to
hypoglycemic effects to reduce the
glucose in the blood had
exact ancestors then that was done
study and it definitely turned out that if
in humans but then a university
in Japan decided to do it in animals
to then be able to determine in a
way better it turned out that they tried it on
the juice of the fruit you know that the kun
of love has a fruit for not
damage what was the fruit
and children but they play has and I know
They also eat those who most enjoy
that fruit is the home in truth is the
hummingbird so they enjoy
the fundi love it turns out that the leaves
in you
the
the raw fruit and the cooked fruit are
Then they gave the extract so that the
animals will use it of course
it induced them to get on their glucose
and others and it turned out that definitely in
the three forms will not have
how it works in that aspect that what
makes specific what is really the
theory of these scientists is that
nourishes the pancreas and allows the
beta cells that are the cells that
they help produce insulin
allows to produce more insulin then
but these studies the clarification is that
was done on patients in the study who
it was done in india it was done in patients of
type 2 diabetes so they are not
dependent insulin
definitely now, it's already coming to
port rich in extract comes in powder
the kun of love and good in capsules of
way to make a small fruit by
the amount of change
it was enough for the verín of this
way so it simplifies everything if
definitely now it's 500
we milled the capsule but the studies
They were made with 1,000 milligrams or be
that the person is of average weight
You can use two capsules a day to
Once they touch it for water, we do not prevent it
be divided in the morning and in the night
so the fundi love we know it's a
creeper and that is achieved in form
wild and you can definitely
take the leaf preferably the most
the youngest but also a
code that is called true then then
he puts the water to boil and
when the water is boiling it is left
to fall the leaf is covered the fire is extinguished
and then it is taken is taken little by little
there are people who like to eat
fruit but you also have to be careful
because sometimes it goes down a little bit because it does not
there is control as such of the amount of
Seattle now gives a warning is that
the thing the only warning is that
the person who uses we can not
be pregnant
in effect it has two proteins that make
that the person can abort or that
the pregnant woman should not use a let's say
but the rest of the 300 that are
diabetics of course they are in
control with your doctor can use it
and they inform their doctor that they are
using